chore: prepare to release v4.7.8 (#388)
desmos-labs/desmjs: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 4.7.8

> - Fix conversion from amino to protobuf of `MsgLinkChainAccount`
> - Replaced `ts-proto` with `telescope` to generate the Desmos messages from proto files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the Amino to Protobuf converter of `MsgLinkChainAccount`
- Replaced `ts-proto` with `telescope` to generate the messages code from Profo files
```
